Mommy, my good friend Big A came to see me
I went to play with him for a while
You don't have to buy me food
Brother Zuo Jing
You're totally looking for the back seat again, aren't you?
I'm on the plane, Mommy, bye
How did this child get the same disease as Manchu?
kid
Kid, where are your parents?
Okay, okay, don't be afraid
Do you know my family's phone number?
I'll take you home.
What's your name then?
Can that aunt call you Xiao Rui?
This child can't speak
The vocal cords are fine
It can only be caused by psychological problems
Also a poor child
His grandfather, why blame Sun?
Mom
Let the housekeeper grandpa take you to dinner, okay?
Ok hahaha
Goddamn thing
Life and death are out
Picked it up on the road
Really? That kid called you daddy.
What did you say you called me back for?
You and Jing Nian have been married for 7 years
Should have a baby
I heard Jing Nian say
You have called me back all these years
Just to say that these nutritious cosmetics
Jing Rui hasn't come downstairs yet
You have a new grandson
This kid really misses his aunt
When I was little, my aunt didn't lie
Too bad it's not his child
Aunt's body
Today the child is burdened by him
Ghost goblin find out the identity of the child
Who sent them?
Yes
Lin Shao
The child's identity is unknown
Why are you taking him back to the old house?
Why don't my subordinates send someone to kick him out first?
No need.
Put it under your nose, but feel more at ease
Retail True Contrast
As he usually does
Arrested long ago
What's going on here?
I can't help but have feelings for that child in my heart
The meaning of the scene